# naive statements of a uni club leader

You know there is a lot that I have to think about now as I hope this club kind of continues forward. Kind of a lot of qualities I now have to think about who I want as VP and what do I want to look for as president now when I have to select the people. I mean really hope to bypass the whole idea of boom and bust cycles for a club. I know it's inevitable but set up the frameworks to make it not as painful I think is important.

If I were to talk about what defines it per se as the qualities I seek, we can really talk about it in the sense of two main things: agency and tenacity. I think from the agency side it's a care for delivering the best things and experiences for club members and on the other traits I think it comes down to just being willing to suck it up and being able to just focus on building the network that gives the possibilities and events everything they need to succeed. 

Will everyone be able to do this? No. It comes down to a lot of care for your user. In this case, this means the students. There is a lot of easy ways in which this can go wrong culturally, talent-wise, trend-wise but I mean there's only so much I can control and at some point I think it's through the turbulence of those busts where one can succeed. I've even considered creating pseudo bust where they have to work their ass off succeed that I think they'll get to have another person who's ready to offer up that network. Of course a lot of this is luck. Look I won't say that my ability to bring in Amy or some of the other people were completely on my own volition. I mean look I've had great friends, mentors have been able to connect me and it's just not really fair way to say that you know I just got it all by being extremely tenacious. Although leveraging this requires a sense of really wanting it that much where you're willing to put up with the effort of trying to squeeze out every single connection from your contacts, such as asking about who they know, and I don't see it as much. Of course current vibes are impeccable but at some point I have to really think about am I trying to operate a business or family. And I think this dichotomy here is something that's really tough when you get really close to everyone and you don't wanna cut them. 

You know this whole brain dump is kind of both in anticipation of a future president reading and for myself as I think about what it means to be president of such a big org. I don't really believe we're ever qualified to lead stuff and I truly grieve what Palmer Luckey says when he talks about leadership.

"You're never really ready for it," he says. "You just have to take stride and learn from a mistake." And maybe that is the benefit of a bust - because just because of how bad everything is or how unorganized it is, you really have to start taking your reps and develop that gut sense.

Nobody really understands intuition better than those with previous experience building from ground zero. Perhaps that's why the best business leaders are able to spot talent at a moment's glance. They've seen what it takes and see what character traits result in the best workers. And I just think that likewise with events with your ability to network. You just have to get out there and when you're the one doing all of it for pretty much the entire club or entire division, you just get very very good at it.

That's why I think sometimes I just wanna consider maybe next semester letting some people just try without actually relying on a past contact. Which then I get would piss people off but maybe needed to test people and find the next VP or pres to succeed Mark, Jennifer, and I. To the future reader and perhaps president reading this, I hope you aren't reading this in a time of turmoil or a bust. As I hope to in my best of my abilities still advise the club from time to time when I enter my career. I don't know how much of this will be naive and just me being busy perhaps doing my own thing through a startup or working at a nice company. But take some time to really think about how the best people do it. Don't linger on it too much. A lot of it is you need to have a little bit of arrogance, I have to say. Arrogance in the way that your open-minded but full of conviction on whatever decision you make as you see it through fully because sometimes the best things can only happen when you see it through.

The hackathon was a crazy ass idea when I suggested it. We've never hosted a hackathon in the past eight years. I just said f*** it we ball and it's really hard to consider a world now where Tech@NYU doesn't do a yearly hackathon just because of how successful it is and how much context we can build up from it. But it just takes a crazy idea of saying yes and trying to put your way through. Will it be the best work that you ever create and give to the club? Not really. I mean I made a lot of mistakes there but being able to adapt, act professionally, and carry yourself well enough where you're given the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth chance to repeat and learn is what matters. So don't beat yourself up. You can't control what got you up to this point but you can control what you do with the club after. I hope you at least give the NYU community what they want and what they need and of course please connect with us alumni. A lot of us will be happy to help especially within the E-Board level because essentially as I like to put it, every semester is a friend group and a core of it will last a long time. I probably have at least seven to eight of them that I would call really good friends tend to stay on pretty well. This mimics some of the past E-Board members like a group of them 2014 they still hang out together. It's really fun to look at. 